Update README.md (#3)
DFE-Digital/academy-transfers-frontend: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DFE-Digital/govuk-rails-boilerplate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/DFE-Digital/govuk-rails-boilerplate)

# Academy Transfers Frontend

> This is a Ruby on Rails boilerplate for the Academy Transfer service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a proof of concept Academy Transfers service. Built on the [govuk-rails-boilerplate](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/govuk-rails-boilerplate) template. This repository is the frontend component, it is designed to work with the [Academy Transfers API](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/academy-transfers-api).
```
